"Can the United States war on terror waged by the Bush administration be seen as a continuation of the strategies developed in the Cold War, and has the Middle East suffered as a result of these Bush administration policies?"
"Because what I found in almost all the treatments of the Cold War in the Middle East or Soviet or American policy in the Middle East was that they primarily were concerned with the Soviet Union or the United States or the rivalry between the two of them. They were very little concerned if they paid any attention to it at all with the impact of the Cold War On The Middle East itself."
"The thing that I also realized is that the Cold War is dead and gone..."
"...with terrorism which in a certain sense has taken the place of conflict with communism..."
"The junior senator from Wisconsin, by his reckless charges, has so preyed upon the fears and hatreds and prejudices of the American people that he has started a prairie fire which neither he nor anyone else may be able to control."
"...the southern USSR trying to reach the oilfields of Baku..."
"The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants."
"The only real power comes out of a long rifle..."
"...shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, to assure the success of liberty."
"The survivors of a nuclear war would envy the dead."
"Take some exercise, try to recover the look of a human being."
"We don't let them have ideas, why should we let them have guns?"
"Whether you like it or not, history is on our side. We will bury you!"
"Yes, I know what Kennedy claims, and he's quite right. But I'm not complaining... We're satisfied to be able to finish off the United States first time round. Once is quite enough. What good does it do to annihilate a country twice? We're not a bloodthirsty people."
"Comrade Khrushchev often repeats that Socialism cannot be built with American wheat. I think it can be done by anyone who knows how to do it, while a person who doesn't know how to do it cannot build Socialism even with his own wheat. Khrushchev says we live on charity received from the imperialist countries … What moral right have those who attack us to rebuke us about American aid or credits when Khruschev himself has just tried to conclude an economic agreement with America?"
“That bowl of soup... it was dearer than freedom, dearer than life itself, past, present, and future.”
"War never changes..."
"What a contradiction a human is..."
"To the world that was. Mankind shall never see its like again..."
"You're a single bomb in an arsenal of thousands preparing to lay waste to what's left of mankind."
"We shall see how brave you are when nailed to the walls of Hoover Dam, your body facing west so you may watch your world die."
"Ghosts! Commie ghosts what don't know they're dead!"
"I survived because the fire inside burned brighter than the fire around me."
"The last thing you never see..."
"Democracy is non-negotiable."
"I will cast down your Codex and bask in the dying agony of those who hold it dear!"
"All systems nominal. Weapons hot. Mission, the destruction of any and all Chinese Communist. Possibility of Communist victory: impossible."
"They asked me how well I understood theoretical physics. I said I had a theoretical degree in physics. They said welcome aboard."
"Of course I'm obsessed! They made me this way! You think I don't know how crazy I sound? Of course I do! They programmed me to know that, too!"
"Death is preferable to Communism!"
"Another settlement needs our help!"
"...it was about justice, about doing what's right. And that act of goodness, that's ours. All the good we've done. That's ours and ours alone."
"Imagine two snarling dogs, fighting over a curve of bone. Perhaps the rib of their master, long dead."